gh-95245: Document Py_TPFLAGS_PREHEADER (#135861)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/typeobj.rst

      :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_weaklistoffset` field is set in a superclass.

   .. c:macro:: Py_TPFLAGS_PREHEADER

>       This is a shorthand for checking is :c:macro:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT` or
>       :c:macro:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_WEAKREF` present. Supposed only for internal
>       usage.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
      A shorthand for checking if VM-managed fields are present.
      Currently, this macro is equivalent to
      :c:expr:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT | Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_WEAKREF`.

      This macro is intended for internal usage only; prefer using individual
      flags instead.
```

Author: > VM-managed fields

Isn't that too broad?

Reviewer: Given the `Py_TPFLAGS_VM_MANAGED_FIELDS` suggestion, it seems to be the intent.

Author: Thanks!

      :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_weaklistoffset` field is set in a superclass.

   .. c:macro:: Py_TPFLAGS_PREHEADER

>       A shorthand for checking if VM-managed fields are present.

Reviewer 2: We're not always checking something (e.g., if someone just sets it in `tp_flags` themselves). Let's say something like this instead:

```suggestion
      This bit indicates that the VM will manage some fields by storing them before the object.
```

Author: Just a note - Py_TPFLAGS_PREHEADER is two bits. Do you want to keep your wording, or should I replace bit with bits?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, sorry, "bits" is more correct.

Author: Fixed.

      Currently, this macro is equivalent to
      :c:expr:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT | Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_WEAKREF`.

>       This macro is intended for internal usage only; prefer using individual

Reviewer 2: I'm still not a big fan of documenting this as internal-only. If it's in the public headers and documentation, it should be at least usable. How about we say that its value is unstable, so we can change it later?

Author: What about this?
`This macro is intended for internal usage only and may be changed without any notes`

Is it OK or you prefer to completely remove the `internal usage` part?

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the delay. I'd like to remove the phrase "internal usage" entirely.

Author: `This macro value relies on VM implementation, so his value is not stable and may change in a future version. `
What about this?

Reviewer 2: I'm happy with that.

Author: Fixed, thanks!

      :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_weaklistoffset` field is set in a superclass.

   .. c:macro:: Py_TPFLAGS_PREHEADER

      These bits indicate that the VM will manage some fields by storing them
      before the object. Currently, this macro is equivalent to
      :c:expr:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT | Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_WEAKREF`.

>       This macro value relies on VM implementation, so his value is not

Reviewer 2: 1. "VM implementation" needs an article.
2. Inanimate objects should be "it", not he/she.
```suggestion
      This macro value relies on the implementation of the VM, so its value is not
```

Author: Thanks! I always forgot articles...
